Update docs to reflect conversion risk policies (#500)
aurora-opensource/au: docs/discussion/concepts/index.md

- **[Quantity Point](./quantity_point.md)**.  An abstraction for "point types" that have units.
  Most use cases don't need this, but for a few --- including temperatures --- it's indispensable.

- **[Truncation](./truncation.md)**.  Unit conversions truncate when the destination type can't hold

>   the result with acceptable precision.  This page will explain Au's approach to managing this risk,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the result with acceptable precision.  This page explains Au's approach to managing this risk,
```

Author: This is pretty funny.  When I wrote this entry, I hadn't yet written the truncation page.  So I was thinking of this in my head as future work, and it accidentally slipped into my phrasing!
